##### CHANGELOG - Add changes to the top.
* 07 June 2013 - Clay - Random map generation framework was simplified and improved. Currently, you can programmatically "paint" desired tiles onto the map and the surrounding tiles will automatically adjust to show the proper border tiles. HOWEVER, at the moment, this only works with tiles that have a direct transition to the neighboring tiles. Tiles that have to traverse a tree to properly merge into other nearby tiles will not properly handle transitions. The structure is in place to allow this traversal -- in TerrainType, each type of terrain has a "connections" set, which includes every type of terrain that it directly transitions to, and a "transitions" dictionary, which includes for each other terrain type, an array with the sequence of steps that have to be made in order for a terrain type to transition to another. For example, "hole" does not directly transition to "medium_grass". The array would contain the TerrainType objects that represent: ["dirt", "light_grass", "medium_grass"]. In other words, to transition from hole to medium grass, you must first transition to dirt, then to light_grass, then to medium_grass. It shouldn't be too difficult to implement the transitions; I'll work on it when I have time. The advantage, once this is done, is that all of the (terrain-based outdoor) map randomization will involve simply writing algorithms that "paint" the tile types that we want at certain spots -- the transitions will fill in automatically. Indoor maps and additional tile layers, such as walls, trees, etc., will require additional implementation.

* 30 May 2013 - Clay - Significant changes to the RandomMapGenerator class. See the comments in the implementation file for details about the _tileDict constructed to aid in tile placement.

* 28 May 2013 - Clay - There are a lot of new things going on here, behind the scenes. I started to migrate some data storage away from GameStartGenerator into GameState. This needs to continue. The biggest changes come in the structure for generating random maps. Instead of loading in the test maps with pretty terrain, we're now loading in map templates and passing them to the random map generator. Since the vast majority of the random map generator isn't implemented, all I'm doing at the moment is removing the temp tiles (that have to be in place for the .tmx to load) and flood-filling the maps with the default terrain type (grass, for the grasslands map templates with the grasslands tile set). There are a lot of moving pieces here. For those of you interested in random map generation, almost everything is done in the RandomMapGenerator class. I have some stuff to clean up before I can say that it's "ready" for others to hack on it -- but I should be able to get that done soon. We probably should have a team chat at some point to go over the adventure generation structure and the integration of the .tmx files with the the random map generator. The next biggest to-do with RMG is to load in and parse the tile set files; to determine how to use the terrain information therein to ease the placement of tiles in the RandomMapGenerator class.

* 20 May 2013 - Clay - Killed two birds with one stone by replacing the dirt-to-brick tiles with tiles that show a hole in the dirt (or can be used to create a rift). They are placeholder, but provide us with the opportunity to create chasms, like in Brogue, that the player can jump into. I also restructured several things around MapLayer and MainGameScene to prepare GameWorld for creating an in-memory representation of the various things ongoing on the map.

* 19 May 2013 - Clay - This build is the first to include the build number on the main menu screen. While it doesn't look like much else was done, I refactored some of the code for touch detection in the MapLayer to make certain that we were properly translating screen touches to map locations. We weren't. Now we are. To see the effects of this, double tap on any tile and an ugly white circle will appear there, indicating that you "selected" it. You then can scroll and zoom with the same tile selected. If you double-tap a different tile, it will become selected. If you double-tap a selected tile, the ugly white circle will disappear.

* 18 May 2013 - Clay - Added fog of war tiles and examples of how they look onto the test maps.

* 16 May 2013 - Clay - Created and added two grasslands test maps; one retina and one standard display. This revealed a number of bugs in the implementation of CCPanZoomController. These were addressed by performing a retina check in `MapLayer` and allowing for specific balancing of zooming and scrolling dampening values in `Constants.h`. Also added but did nothing with the `RandomMapGenerator` class.

* 16 May 2013 - Clay - Added two layers to the test map and added some placeholder graphics for our main Character. Also added the GameObject and GameObjectSprite classes, which will be the superclasses from which our other classes of game objects and items are derived. Note that, when adding layers to a .tmx map, you must add at least one tile to each layer or there is an assertion when the map is loaded. Need to add a few tiles to the default tileset that can be used for marking things on these layers -- collisions, etc. They can be bright pink or something. 

