### Doctor Chick Design Briefing

##### Establishing a Narrative
The game begins as the user selects an adventure or enters a file number (aka seed). The loading scene shows us our location: at a university somewhere prestigious. Dr. Chick is wrapping up a lecture and a few students are in the picture. His dialogue ends, "... so that's how the **Case of the Golden Sword** finally ended." If the player previous has played another advenuture, this will be the name of the last adventure played. 

An older gentleman enters the classroom and tells Dr. Chick that some new benefactors have discovered a clue to the **Silver Dagger of Evil**, or whatever the name of the artifact key to the current game is, and that they want to send him on an expedition to locate it. Dr. Chick is to choose an assitant to join him on his trip. He can choose from the students who are in the lecture hall. Each may have a strength: better fighter, able to detect traps, able to recognize the weaknesses of creatures, etc.

Once the player agrees, another loading scene appears that shows a little airplane moving across a map to the location of the proposed expedition. The first map loads. In its initial implementation, Doctor Chick is a turn-based game. If feasible, in a later version, it would be great to have a pseudo real-time implementation -- aka dynamic turn based.

Unlike many other roguelike games, this game has the player visit a series of different locations. The culmination of each part of the expedition will be a clue that is needed to proceed in the next segment. The first segment will be the shortest, with 3 levels (or so) on the map. The second segment will have ~ 10 levels, the final segment will have 15 levels. The first segment may be in a forest area in South America, the second in an ice cave in Antarctica, and the third in a rainforest temple, for example.

The levels will lean more towards non-magical items, weapons, and treasures, but magical and mystical items occassionally will be available. Inspired by the Indiana Jones, movies, there will be ample opportunity to discover traps, figure out how to disarm them, and how to sneak into a sacred place to steal treasure. The player's score will be determined by how much treasure is picked up and how quickly each segment of the expedition concludes. 

The assistant will be able to assist Dr. Chick. When Dr. is moving, the assistant follows. If the assistant ever is in Dr. Chick's way, moving in the direction of the assistant will cause the two of them to swap places. Doctor Chick can tell the assistant to move towards another destination and to wait there. So, basically, the assistant, at any given point in time, either is following Dr. Chick, moving towards a destination that Dr. Chick specifies, or waiting at a location that Dr. Chick specifies. This may be useful when trying to trigger tricky traps, open doors that require two switches to be pushed, or when trying to plan an ambush. If the assistant dies and Dr. Chick completes the segment, he is able to choose another assistant, but loses a benefactor. If Dr. Chick loses all benefactors, he is fired and the game is over. Losing assistants and benefactors may or may not affect the final score.

Like any good treasure-hunting movie/game/story, there's a rival who is trying to get the treasure first. The rival and his assistants will provide some tension and competition in the game. It would be awesome, in a later version, to implement a two-player mode and have the second player be the rival. But that is a loooooooooong way down the road.

As the game progresses, the levels become more challenging. To win the adventure, the player must safely reach the artifact in question and either return with it, if it can be picked up, or otherwise activate it, and then safely return back to the airplane and return to the university. Abandoning the assistant and leaving in the airplane alone counts as an assistant death.